
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.539695                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2539695141000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2539695141000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55026                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    66292                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2316696588                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 466732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1096.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60322278                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      72673006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    121110528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           471296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          3922776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           314048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          5167104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            130987352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       471296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       314048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          785344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3775232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1328636                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1687436                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6791304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15138816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             61319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              4907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             80736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15293167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           58988                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           332159                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           421859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               813006                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47687034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              185572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1544585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              123656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             2034537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51576014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         185572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         123656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             309228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1486490                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             523148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             664425                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2674063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1486490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47687034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             185572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2067733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             123656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2698962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54250077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15293167                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       813006                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    15293167                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     813006                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                975220032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                   3542656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6827904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 130987352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                6791304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                    55354                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  706297                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4647                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              954783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              950591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              950729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              950904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              954888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              951868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              951800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              951730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              955391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              951917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             951458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             951066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             955340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             951888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             951979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             951481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               6968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2539694027000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      18                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15138826                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  154323                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754018                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  58988                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1062880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                   1005296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    961490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1064387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                    969141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1032129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2687855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                   2599195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                   3397795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                    112262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                   102458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    95445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    91862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    18918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    18413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    18221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     6047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     6096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     6085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     6255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     6252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     5932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     5912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     5873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     6094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples      1008813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      973.468756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     909.284641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     200.732372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          22320      2.21%      2.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20114      1.99%      4.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8797      0.87%      5.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2199      0.22%      5.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2055      0.20%      5.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1694      0.17%      5.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9190      0.91%      6.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          817      0.08%      6.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       941627     93.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total        1008813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          6078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean      2507.042448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47447.723031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535          6050     99.54%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071            3      0.05%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            8      0.13%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            5      0.08%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            1      0.02%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            1      0.02%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            1      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            2      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            6      0.10%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            6078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          6078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.552813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.369881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.322612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::1                   5      0.08%      0.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::2                   4      0.07%      0.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::3                   4      0.07%      0.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4                   4      0.07%      0.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::5                   2      0.03%      0.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::6                   2      0.03%      0.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::7                   3      0.05%      0.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8                   1      0.02%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::9                   6      0.10%      0.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::10                  3      0.05%      0.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::11                  2      0.03%      0.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12                  3      0.05%      0.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::13                  3      0.05%      0.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::14                  2      0.03%      0.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::15                 13      0.21%      0.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               2782     45.77%     46.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 46      0.76%     47.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18               1401     23.05%     70.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19               1370     22.54%     93.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                152      2.50%     95.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                 75      1.23%     96.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                 36      0.59%     97.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                 22      0.36%     97.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                 24      0.39%     98.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::25                 25      0.41%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::26                 13      0.21%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::27                 15      0.25%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28                 16      0.26%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::29                 12      0.20%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::30                  9      0.15%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::31                 11      0.18%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32                 12      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            6078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                   392436805250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              678145799000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  76189065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       25754.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  44504.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         383.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       51.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       3.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         6.40                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        14.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   14244486                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     91200                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  85.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       157684.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      93.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2193361967750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       84805760000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      261520412250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16345693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16345693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             58988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2383044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1885020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4271848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               34549480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16668128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     19066210                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               140176738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            217843                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  217843    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              217843                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1488348000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3508000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         17564779000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4755343440                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        37440252152                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    64097                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                51403.492359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1900046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   129489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    14.673416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2528369126500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   37092.927950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     9.579992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5418.531577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3300.356905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     6.423602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2630.879076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2944.793006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.565993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.082680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.050359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.040144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.044934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.784355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000198                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997604                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 18888451                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                18888451                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        27538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         7475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             477559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             174980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         8090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             496617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             210611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1432882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          606482                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               606482                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            55610                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            57109                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               112719                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         27538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          7475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              477559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              230590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         30012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          8090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              496617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              267720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1545601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        27538                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         7475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             477559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             230590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30012                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         8090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             496617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             267720                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1545601                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             4911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                22725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1367                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1537                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2904                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          56126                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          77166                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133292                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             62160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              4911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             81666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                156017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            62160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             4911                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            81666                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               156017                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1563750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        82000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    521104500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    442572744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       713750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    356046000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    335278744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1657361488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       185992                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       279488                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       465480                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4022661419                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5771447585                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9794109004                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1563750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        82000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    521104500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4465234163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       713750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    356046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6106726329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     11451470492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1563750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        82000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    521104500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4465234163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       713750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    356046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6106726329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    11451470492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        27553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         7476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         484814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         181014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         8090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         501528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         215111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1455607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       606482                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           606482                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1384                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1553                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2937                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       111736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       134275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        27553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         7476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          484814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          292750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         8090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          501528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          349386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1701618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        27553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         7476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         484814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         292750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         8090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         501528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         349386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1701618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.033334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.020919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.015612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.987717                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989697                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.988764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.502309                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.574686                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.541813                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.212331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.009792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.233741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.091687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.212331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.233741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.091687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       104250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        82000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71826.946933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73346.493868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 79305.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72499.694563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74506.387556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72931.198592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   136.058522                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   181.839948                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   160.289256                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71671.977675                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74792.623500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73478.595895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       104250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        82000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71826.946933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71834.526432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 79305.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72499.694563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74776.851187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73398.863534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       104250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        82000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71826.946933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71834.526432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 79305.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72499.694563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74776.851187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73398.863534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               58988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    58988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                66                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1367                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1537                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2904                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        56126                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        77166                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        133292                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        62122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        81648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           155951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        62122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        81648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          155951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1379250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        70000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    429544750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    365182494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       603750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    294088000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    278470744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1369338988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13675367                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15376536                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29051903                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3321727581                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4810247909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8131975490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1379250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        70000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    429544750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3686910075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       603750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    294088000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5088718653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9501314478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1379250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        70000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    429544750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3686910075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       603750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    294088000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5088718653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9501314478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6123500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  83706366250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  83236564000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166949053750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   7705500500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   9339419914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17044920414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6123500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  91411866750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  92575983914                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 183993974164                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.987717                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989697                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988764                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.502309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.574686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.212202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.233690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.091649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.212202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.233690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        91950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        70000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59255.724928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60904.351901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 67083.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59932.341553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62130.911200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60432.454566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10003.926116                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10004.252440                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10004.098829                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59183.401294                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62336.364578                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61008.728881                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        91950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        70000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59255.724928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59349.507018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 67083.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59932.341553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62325.086383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60924.998737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        91950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        70000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59255.724928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59349.507018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 67083.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59932.341553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62325.086383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60924.998737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2673184                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2673184                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763357                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763357                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           606482                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2937                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2940                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           246011                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          246011                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1973853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      5791552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        42247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       136455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7944107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     63133312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     85325794                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        62264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       230296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              148751666                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           33359                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2344441                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                2344441    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            2344441                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4954098182                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4446552172                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4477877910                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          26748853                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          79493732                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16322162                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16322162                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8176                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8176                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2383044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                32660676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                123500982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21111000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3969000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               520000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               520000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy         15138816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374868000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         38127481848                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7736387                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5741528                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           324689                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4736478                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                3796485                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            80.154178                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 808967                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             22406                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    27184101                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     37692                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5601213                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                    10069                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         510                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                726                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5493                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      558                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   288                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      698                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                27221793                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5611282                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         32785314                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          47761                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     32833075                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     5349776                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      7612                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         510                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                726                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2622                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     2424                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 5357388                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          5349776                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           7612                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      5357388                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       234157878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          14748705                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      42201957                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7736387                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4605452                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                    215146781                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 898208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                    106243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        95051                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1850622                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          160                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  5346983                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               204760                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2833                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         232399808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.216000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.156571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0               222777653     95.86%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  886693      0.38%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  957710      0.41%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1031526      0.44%     97.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1201262      0.52%     97.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  716459      0.31%     97.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1131800      0.49%     98.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  450199      0.19%     98.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3246506      1.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           232399808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.033039                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.180229                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                12178110                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles            212389955                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6147086                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1310186                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                372224                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              973042                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                78155                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              44916036                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               260169                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                372224                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                12790792                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               53545394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      30504571                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6768689                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles            128415973                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              43504199                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents              95402427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents             124537502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1839930                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           46109442                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            200228601                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        53009049                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups             5261                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             36340147                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 9769295                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            578634                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        493652                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  7443860                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7970278                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6245265                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1090249                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1688574                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  41187030                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             989826                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 58971927                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            58739                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7127220                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     15644672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        268943                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232399808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.253752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.958915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          212110796     91.27%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6244814      2.69%     93.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2921782      1.26%     95.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2401444      1.03%     96.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6174292      2.66%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1067597      0.46%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             901998      0.39%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             384604      0.17%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             192481      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      232399808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 115073      2.28%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     2      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      2.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4670641     92.37%     94.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               270791      5.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            15020      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             25465355     43.18%     43.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               47791      0.08%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           896      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            27510585     46.65%     89.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5932280     10.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              58971927                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.251847                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    5056507                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.085744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         355447115                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         49321417                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     38218166                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              11793                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6394                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5095                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              64007055                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6359                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          225424                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1448099                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2516                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        24796                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       671952                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17102895                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      3149110                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                372224                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               50935329                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1903194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           42289333                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            78950                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7970278                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6245265                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            710795                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                138182                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1696089                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         24796                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        159500                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       133057                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              292557                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             58565137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             27348453                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           359214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       112477                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    33216509                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5651382                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5868056                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.250110                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      55395790                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     38223261                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 21614386                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 38462259                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.163237                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.561964                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7051288                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         720883                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           247682                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231240606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.150761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.850016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    218744105     94.60%     94.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6302358      2.73%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1708730      0.74%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1054896      0.46%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       648771      0.28%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       578680      0.25%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       445136      0.19%     99.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       245162      0.11%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1512768      0.65%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231240606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            29065490                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              34862084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      12095492                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6522179                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     193065                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4958543                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      5094                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 30770331                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              472637                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        22721291     65.17%     65.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          44405      0.13%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc          896      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        6522179     18.71%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5573313     15.99%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         34862084                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1512768                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   270737391                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   84952654                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         265059                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                        1758070                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2270312982                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   28998871                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     34795465                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              8.074724                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        8.074724                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.123843                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.123843                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                66418764                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               24158486                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    44743                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   41780                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                196661933                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                15655112                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads              292292897                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                565980                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           986757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.592826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            9965260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           987269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.093764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       6651821250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   184.507996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   327.084830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.360367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.638838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         12017349                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        12017349                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      4823854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5141406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9965260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      4823854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5141406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         9965260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      4823854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5141406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        9965260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       523011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       541799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1064810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       523011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       541799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1064810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       523011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       541799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1064810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7244933790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7308182079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14553115869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7244933790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7308182079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14553115869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7244933790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7308182079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14553115869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5346865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5683205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11030070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5346865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5683205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11030070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5346865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5683205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11030070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.097816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.095333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.096537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.097816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.095333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.097816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.095333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13852.354520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13488.733052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13667.335834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13852.354520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13488.733052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13667.335834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13852.354520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13488.733052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13667.335834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4607                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              283                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.279152                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        37777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        77531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        37777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        77531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        37777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        77531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       485234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       502045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       987279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       485234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       502045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       987279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       485234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       502045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       987279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5896477037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5947728017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11844205054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5896477037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5947728017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11844205054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5896477037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5947728017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11844205054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8530500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8530500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.090751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.088338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.090751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.088338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.090751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.088338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12151.821672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11847.001797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11996.816557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12151.821672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11847.001797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11996.816557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12151.821672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11847.001797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11996.816557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           641624                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.993418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19749835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           642136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            30.756467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         42094250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   133.332182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   378.661236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.260414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.739573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         95284916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        95284916                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5852905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6194424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       12047329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3505923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3637478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7143401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data        35429                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        29531                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        64960                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       110357                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       133056                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       243413                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       112492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       135154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247646                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9358828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      9831902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19190730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9394257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      9861433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19255690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       296259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       395495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       691754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1362667                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1717725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3080392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data        74316                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        54156                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       128472                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6370                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         6955                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13325                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1658926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      2113220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3772146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1733242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      2167376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3900618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4388776307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5728170629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10116946936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57800783004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  86624659870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 144425442874                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     92286740                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     93793740                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    186080480                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        39000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  62189559311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  92352830499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 154542389810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  62189559311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  92352830499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 154542389810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6149164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      6589919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12739083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4868590                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5355203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10223793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       109745                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        83687                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       193432                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       116727                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       140011                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       256738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       112494                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       135155                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     11017754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     11945122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22962876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     11127499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12028809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23156308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.060015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.279889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.320758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.301296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.677170                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.647126                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.664171                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054572                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049675                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.051901                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000007                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.150568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.176911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.164271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.180182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14813.984746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14483.547527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14625.064598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42417.393981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50429.876651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46885.410322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14487.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13485.800144                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13964.763977                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37487.844130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 43702.421186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40969.355325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35880.482536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42610.433307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39619.975555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       200600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        41919                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            27184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            783                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.379341                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    53.536398                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       606482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           606482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       164188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       218355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       382543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1249592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1581925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2831517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          626                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1391                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1413780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1800280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3214060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1413780                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1800280                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3214060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       132071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       177140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       309211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       113075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       135800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       248875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        43244                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        31809                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        75053                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5744                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6190                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11934                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       312940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       558086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       288390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       344749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       633139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1730710058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2210787235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3941497293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4783325934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6576818347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11360144281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    814553760                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    636336252                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1450890012                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     72971510                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     72018008                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144989518                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6514035992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8787605582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15301641574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7328589752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9423941834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16752531586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  91416176750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90920349500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182336526250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  11961680895                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  14731919998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26693600893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 103377857645                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 105652269498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209030127143                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023225                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025359                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024343                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.394041                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.380095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388007                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049209                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044211                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046483                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13104.391259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12480.451818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12746.950442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42302.241291                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48430.179286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45645.984052                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18836.226066                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20004.912195                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19331.539206                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12703.953691                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11634.573183                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12149.280878                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26572.067225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28080.800096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27418.071003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25412.080003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27335.661116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26459.484546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                8293404                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          6173471                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           340831                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             5168505                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                4065400                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            78.657175                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 881063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             23561                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    28281448                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     40913                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    6183126                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    14267                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         506                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                713                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    5407                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                      858                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   300                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      709                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                28322361                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                6197393                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         34464574                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          55180                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     34519754                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     5686404                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      8235                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         506                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                713                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2681                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     2705                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 5694639                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          5686404                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           8235                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      5694639                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       237046957                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15347817                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      44890949                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    8293404                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4946463                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                    217272167                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                 945647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                    107708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1915                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1869                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       102411                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      2087291                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          117                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  5683206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               214159                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3400                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         235393992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.228723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.188286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               225080067     95.62%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  947919      0.40%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1046635      0.44%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1047767      0.45%     96.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1244626      0.53%     97.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  829831      0.35%     97.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1297650      0.55%     98.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  454057      0.19%     98.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 3445440      1.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           235393992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.034986                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.189376                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                12555511                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles            214484659                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  6498538                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              1464859                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                388308                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1045918                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                85921                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              48232824                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               288029                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                388308                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                13237235                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               54097542                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      31323893                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  7199069                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles            129145928                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              46754074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents              95558668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents             124530529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents               2374363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           49626992                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            215510826                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        57366811                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups             4976                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             39600958                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                10026026                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            608668                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        515191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  8234978                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             8452340                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            6808261                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1032874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1526046                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  44303656                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1049317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 62721282                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            61124                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7218810                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     16029580                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        286052                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235393992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.266452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.981415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          213794873     90.82%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6639662      2.82%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3193505      1.36%     95.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2580445      1.10%     96.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6412648      2.72%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1155018      0.49%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1003845      0.43%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             407445      0.17%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             206551      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      235393992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 146677      2.81%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     3      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      2.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4785763     91.77%     94.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               282272      5.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13498      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             27514443     43.87%     43.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               46382      0.07%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1213      0.00%     43.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     43.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            28642016     45.67%     89.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6503730     10.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              62721282                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.264594                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    5214715                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.083141                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         366100496                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         52588764                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     41277568                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              11899                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6202                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5156                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              67916046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6453                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          226153                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1459547                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2673                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        24270                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       647934                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17097171                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      3878321                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                388308                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               50150951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3201381                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           45487056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            83691                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              8452340                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6808261                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            746320                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                150012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2969807                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         24270                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        165680                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       138748                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              304428                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             62296746                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             28474223                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           369499                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       134083                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    34908741                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6065757                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   6434518                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.262803                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      58446379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     41282724                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 23334628                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 41837805                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.174154                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.557740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7166738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         763265                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           256189                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234203986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.162086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.884581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    220778060     94.27%     94.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6743716      2.88%     97.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1772623      0.76%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1087484      0.46%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       731864      0.31%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       647370      0.28%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       507514      0.22%     99.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       282341      0.12%     99.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1653014      0.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234203986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            31407169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              37961303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      13153120                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      6992793                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     210663                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   5351172                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      5118                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 33489601                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              519360                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        24763487     65.23%     65.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          43483      0.11%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc         1213      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        6992793     18.42%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6160327     16.23%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total         37961303                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1653014                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   276729293                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   91408516                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         270232                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                        1652965                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  2279190242                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   31323407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     37877541                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              7.567726                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        7.567726                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.132140                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.132140                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                71111518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               26004877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    44415                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   42120                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                209232786                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                17062784                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads              298304880                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                608841                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1732753268848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1732753268848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1732753268848                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1732753268848                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83356                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
