
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.627904                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2627903712000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2627903712000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 497056                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   593637                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            21691918305                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 460332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   121.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60216663                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      71917112                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    124256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           306056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4559448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           399872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4486720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            134008544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       306056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       399872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          705928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3673856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1536536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1479536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6689928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15532032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             10994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             71267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             70105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15690649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           57404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           384134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           369884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               811422                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47283413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            49                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              116464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1735013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              152164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1707338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50994465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         116464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         152164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             268628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1398018                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             584700                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             563010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2545728                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1398018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47283413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           49                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             116464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2319714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             152164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2270348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53540193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15690649                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       811422                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    15690649                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     811422                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM               1004200960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6711168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 134008544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                6689928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  706554                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4516                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              980414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              980044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              979984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              980262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              986671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              980424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              980555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              980428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              980781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              980432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             979731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             979566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             980337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             980248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             980396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             980367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               6707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2627899414000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15532042                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  151963                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754018                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  57404                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1139478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    982369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    987635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1091943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                    997696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1062131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2775683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                   2686264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                   3513182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                    110777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                   100216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    94857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    91541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    19322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    18831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    18688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     5782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     5721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     5712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     5685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     5676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples      1040215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      971.829985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     906.043406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     203.863923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          22728      2.18%      2.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22848      2.20%      4.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9187      0.88%      5.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2378      0.23%      5.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2112      0.20%      5.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1712      0.16%      5.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9383      0.90%      6.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          867      0.08%      6.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       969000     93.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total        1040215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          6002                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean      2614.234255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    48623.103038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535          5977     99.58%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            9      0.15%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            3      0.05%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            2      0.03%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            1      0.02%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            1      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            1      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            7      0.12%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            6002                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          6002                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.471176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.313667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.128575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::1                   4      0.07%      0.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::2                   1      0.02%      0.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::3                   5      0.08%      0.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4                   9      0.15%      0.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::5                   6      0.10%      0.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::6                   1      0.02%      0.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::7                   2      0.03%      0.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8                   2      0.03%      0.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::9                   6      0.10%      0.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::10                  3      0.05%      0.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::11                  2      0.03%      0.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12                  2      0.03%      0.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::13                  2      0.03%      0.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::14                  2      0.03%      0.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::15                 12      0.20%      0.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               2065     34.41%     35.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 28      0.47%     35.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18               3575     59.56%     95.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                 74      1.23%     96.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 26      0.43%     97.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                 13      0.22%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                  8      0.13%     97.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                 17      0.28%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                 20      0.33%     98.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::25                 23      0.38%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::26                 19      0.32%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::27                 14      0.23%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28                 21      0.35%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::29                  6      0.10%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::30                 12      0.20%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::31                 10      0.17%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32                 12      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            6002                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                   402684411250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              696883911250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  78453200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       25663.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  44413.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         382.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       50.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         6.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        16.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   14667378                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     87909                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  83.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       159246.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      93.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2254944154750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       87751300000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      285203111500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16743265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16743265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             57404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2383094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1891706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4278672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               35342736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390554                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16442216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     18840514                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               143096770                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            213883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  213883    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              213883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1223591000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3677500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         18171099000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4987168321                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        38457119250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    61855                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                50930.330896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1699074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   127234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    13.353931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2574032162000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   37932.108407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2848.249708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3170.076160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     4147.610246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2832.285487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.578798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.043461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.048372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.063288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.043217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.777135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        56686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997604                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 17278829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                17278829                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         9065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             447117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             182266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        10696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         4002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             397485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             188475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1242248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          596597                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               596597                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            57734                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            56826                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               114560                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          9065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              447117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              240000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         10696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          4002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              397485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              245301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1356808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         9065                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             447117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             240000                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        10696                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         4002                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             397485                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             245301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1356808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             4368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             5525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                20467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1358                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1517                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          66435                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          66702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              4368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             71960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             71025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                153604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             4368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            71960                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6248                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            71025                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               153604                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    305909750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    407234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    435495000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    324083500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1472961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       210491                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       255989                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       466480                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4624449779                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4644924080                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9269373859                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    305909750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5031683779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    435495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4969007580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     10742334859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    305909750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5031683779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    435495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4969007580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    10742334859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         451485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         187791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         4002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         403733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         192798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1262715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       596597                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           596597                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1371                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1530                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2901                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       123528                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247697                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          451485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          311960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         4002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          403733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          316326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1510412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         451485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         311960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         4002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         403733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         316326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1510412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.009675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.029421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.015476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.022422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990518                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991503                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991038                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.535037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.539975                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.537499                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.009675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.230671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.015476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.224531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.101697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.009675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.230671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.015476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.224531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.101697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70034.283425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73707.511312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69701.504481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74967.268101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71967.606391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   155.000736                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   168.746869                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   162.253913                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69608.636698                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69636.953615                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69622.823550                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70034.283425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69923.343232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69701.504481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69961.387962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69935.254674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70034.283425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69923.343232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 69701.504481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69961.387962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69935.254674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               57404                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    57404                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1358                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1517                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        66435                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        66702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        133137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        71960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        71025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           153604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        71960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        71025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          153604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    250603750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    338351500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    356302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    270143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1215601500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13581358                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15174017                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28755375                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3774125721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3790687920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7564813641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    250603750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4112477221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    356302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4060830920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8780415141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    250603750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4112477221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    356302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4060830920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8780415141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    349507750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  83883763250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  82798029500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167031300500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   8325924664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8377233499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16703158163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    349507750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  92209687914                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  91175262999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 183734458663                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990518                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991503                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991038                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.535037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.539975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.230671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.224531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.101697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.230671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.224531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57372.653388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61240.090498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57026.568502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62489.706223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59393.242781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10002.647989                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10001.869565                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56809.298126                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56830.198795                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56819.769418                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57372.653388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57149.488897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57026.568502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57174.669764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57162.672463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57372.653388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57149.488897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57026.568502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57174.669764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57162.672463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2471648                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2471648                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763389                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763389                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           596597                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2901                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2901                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           247697                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          247697                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1725344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      5754019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        20105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        50232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7549700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     54760476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     83807014                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        28584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        79048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              138675122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           18167                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2128077                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                2128077    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            2128077                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4809198500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3866085496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4420737429                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          12959000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          30470250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16715395                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16715395                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8184                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8184                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2383094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                33447158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390554                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                126646810                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21111000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               528000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy         15532032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         39130786750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     6554416                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6570                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5649486                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1771                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                        2491                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                701                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     28                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    6094                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   127                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      206                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 6560986                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5651257                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         12203902                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8341                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     12212243                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    30237068                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3286                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                        2491                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                701                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     28                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2575                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                30240354                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         30237068                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3286                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     30240354                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2626678485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   29654606                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     35595186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             31825632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5298                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1084226                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3738020                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    31825632                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5298                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           57689563                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          21244985                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3888                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1412                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           127837061                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           14183382                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12632580                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6723962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5908618                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2294291978.637380                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              332386506.362621                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.126543                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.873457                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5094853                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                11433      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 23427860     64.87%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   44876      0.12%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               988      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6723962     18.62%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5908618     16.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  36117737                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83036                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           856352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.872863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           60653974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           856864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            70.785999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      19832593000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   151.975513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   358.897350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.296827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.700971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         62367702                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        62367702                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     29784788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     30869186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       60653974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     29784788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     30869186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        60653974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     29784788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     30869186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       60653974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       452280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       404584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       856864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       452280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       404584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        856864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       452280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       404584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       856864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6154944247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5645212999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11800157246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6154944247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5645212999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11800157246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6154944247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5645212999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11800157246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     30237068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     31273770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     61510838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     30237068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     31273770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     61510838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     30237068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     31273770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     61510838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.012937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.012937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.012937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13608.703120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13953.129632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13771.330393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13608.703120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13953.129632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13771.330393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13608.703120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13953.129632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13771.330393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       452280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       404584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       856864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       452280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       404584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       856864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       452280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       404584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       856864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5248743753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4833652001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10082395754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5248743753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4833652001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10082395754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5248743753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4833652001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10082395754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    440846250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    440846250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    440846250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    440846250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.012937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.012937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.012937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11605.075955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11947.214920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11766.623121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11605.075955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11947.214920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11766.623121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11605.075955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11947.214920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11766.623121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           627774                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.876288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           21798278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           628286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            34.694833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        668864250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   151.360555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   360.515733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.295626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.704132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         90462374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        90462374                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5593916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      5661901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11255817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5011257                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4959929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9971186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data        42993                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        41213                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        84206                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       120215                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       116148                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       236363                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       126346                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       121459                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10605173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     10621830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        21227003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10648166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     10663043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       21311209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       143610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       152503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       296113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       128053                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       127367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       255420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data        51303                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        48866                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       100169                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         5315                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11443                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       271663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       279870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        551533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       322966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       328736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       651702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2007762250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2072626499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4080388749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5753453329                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5756409687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11509863016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     81968750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     77716000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    159684750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7761215579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7829036186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15590251765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7761215579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7829036186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15590251765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5737526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5814404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11551930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5139310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5087296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10226606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data        94296                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        90079                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       184375                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       126343                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       121463                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       247806                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       126346                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       121459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10876836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     10901700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21778536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10971132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     10991779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21962911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024976                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.544063                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.542479                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.543289                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048503                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043758                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046177                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13980.657684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13590.726078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13779.836579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44930.250201                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45195.456335                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45062.497126                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13376.101501                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14622.013170                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13954.797693                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28569.277299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27973.831372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28267.124116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24031.060790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23815.572940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23922.362928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           58                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       596597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           596597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         2309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         2602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         2602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5345                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       152210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       295590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       125540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       125058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       250598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        38283                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        35273                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        73556                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6128                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5315                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11443                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       268920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       277268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       546188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       307203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       312541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       619744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1717602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1764563500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3482165500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5365627921                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5380262063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10745889984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    643406250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    581822500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1225228750                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69708250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     67035000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136743250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7083229921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7144825563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14228055484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7726636171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7726648063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15453284234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  91635621250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90440418250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182076039500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13169946836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  13069221001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26239167837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 104805568086                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 103509639251                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208315207337                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024427                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024582                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024505                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.405988                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.391579                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398948                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048503                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043758                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046177                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11979.369508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11592.953814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11780.390067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42740.384905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 43022.134234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42880.988611                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16806.578638                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16494.840246                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16657.087797                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11375.367167                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12612.417686                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11949.947566                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26339.543065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25768.662677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26049.740170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25151.564832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24722.030271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24934.947711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     6613806                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      7420                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5584575                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1868                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                        2491                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                738                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     35                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    6816                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   152                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      246                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 6621226                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5586443                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         12198381                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           9288                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     12207669                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    31273770                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      4023                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                        2491                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                738                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     35                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    3046                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                31277793                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         31273770                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           4023                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     31277793                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2629128939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   30562057                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     36321926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             32452923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  4971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1056400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3813741                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    32452923                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         4971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           58477662                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          21639168                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3605                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1368                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           130057431                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           14822724                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     12626030                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    6797131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   5828899                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2287592720.742589                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              341536218.257411                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.129905                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.870095                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          5215542                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                17085      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 24167965     65.58%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   43107      0.12%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              1123      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 6797131     18.44%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                5828899     15.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  36855310                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1779782747750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1779782747750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1779782747750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1779782747750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
